President Zhu, I want to spend 1 billion to buy your hospital
Boring
Let's see how intelligent this system is.
Search for Dean Zhu's account and transfer 1 billion.
I want to buy this hospital for Jiang Yufei and give it to him
Search was successful
The transfer is in progress, and the transfer is completed.
Fraud 100,000
Bank card 1 billion
Not a scam
Enough? Who are you?
My hospital is not for sale.
21 Comrade, don't worry too much.
I want to see the contract in a minute
By the way, my name is Lu Xuan
Right in the lobby of your hospital
Hahahaha
Buy a hospital
If you could buy the hospital
I kneel down and call you dad
Doctor hahaha
Bragging doesn't draft
Hmph, you come to our hospital
Boy, do you think you are a horse?
Guard without distinction
Go away, you can't be offended to go
I want to leave after hitting Baozi
How can there be such a lie?
Kill him for me